"In the abstract art of cooking, ingredients trump appliances, passion supersedes expertise, creativity triumphs over technique, spontaneity inspires invention."	Bob Blumer
I read recipes the same way I read science fiction. I get to the end and say to myself 'well that's not going to happen.'	Rita Rudner
Cookery is not chemistry. It is an art. It requires instinct and taste rather than exact measurements.	Marcel Boulestin
There is no love sincerer than the love of food.	George Bernard Shaw
Life is so brief that we should not glance either too far backwards or forwards…therefore study how to fix our happiness in our glass and in our plate.	Grimod de la Reynière
He who distinguishes the true savor of his food can never be a glutton; he who does not cannot be otherwise.	Henry David Thoreau
"Grilling, broiling, barbecuing – whatever you want to call it – is an art, not just a matter of building a pyre and throwing on a piece of meat as a sacrifice to the gods of the stomach."	James Beard
The only real stumbling block is fear of failure. In cooking you've got to have a what-the-hell attitude.	Julia Child
"No one who cooks, cooks alone. Even at her most solitary, a cook in the kitchen is surrounded by generations of cooks past, the advice and menus of cooks present, the wisdom of cookbook writers."	Laurie Colwin
"Cooking requires confident guesswork and improvisation--
 experimentation and substitution, dealing with failure and uncertainty in a creative way."	Paul Theroux
"There is a difference between dining and eating. Dining is an art. When you eat to get most out of your meal, to please the palate, just as well as to satiate the appetite, that, my friend, is dining."	Yuan Mei
Cookies are made of butter and love.	Norwegian Proverb
"The smell of good bread baking, like the sound of lightly flowing water, is indescribable in its evocation of innocence and delight."	MFK Fisher
Seize the moment. Remember all those women on the Titanic who waved off the dessert cart.	Erma Bombeck
"When you wake up in the morning, Pooh,’ said Piglet at last, ‘what’s the first thing you say to yourself?’ ‘What’s for breakfast?’ said Pooh. ‘What do you say, Piglet?’ ‘I say, I wonder what’s going to happen exciting today?’ said Piglet. Pooh nodded thoughtfully.‘It’s the same thing,’ he said."	"A.A. Milne, 'The House at Pooh Corner'"
I wish my stove came with a Save As button like Word has. That way I could experiment with my cooking and not fear ruining my dinner.	Jarod Kintz
I'm just someone who likes cooking and for whom sharing food is a form of expression.	Maya Angelou
"I think careful cooking is love, don't you? The loveliest thing you can cook for someone who's close to you is about as nice a valentine as you can give."	Julia Child
Cooking is like love. It should be entered into with abandon or not at all.	Harriet Van Horne
"Cooking for people is an enormously significant expression of generosity and soulfulness, and entertaining in a way to be both generous and creative. You're sharing your life with people. Of course, it's also an expression of your own need for approval and applause. Nothing wrong with that."	Ted Allen
"The cool thing is that now that people have made this evolution where cooking is cool, people are doing it on weekends, they're doing their own challenges. It's back to cooking. And it's real cooking."	Emeril Lagasse
"Eating ready-made meals is about being very passive, and actively cooking is something that nothing compares to."	Yotam Ottolenghi
The way to entice people into cooking is to cook delicious things.	Yotam Ottolenghi
The smells of slow cooking spread around the house and impart a unique warmth matched only by the flavour of the food.	Yotam Ottolenghi
I'm a firm believer that the world should be your oyster when you're cooking. People should open themselves to other cuisines - there are a lot of hidden secrets all over the world.	Yotam Ottolenghi
"After all these years of cooking and writing recipes, I am still amazed every time I notice how even the minutest of variation in technique can make a spectacular difference."	Yotam Ottolenghi
"They say that gardens look better when they are created by loving gardeners rather than by landscapers, because the garden is more tended to and cared for. The same thing goes for cooking. I only cook for people I love."	Ina Garten
Promises and pie-crust are made to be broken	Jonathan Swift
We all eat and it would be a sad waste of opportunity to eat badly.	Anna Thomas
"First we eat, then we do everything else."	M.F.K. Fisher
