"When everything goes to hell, the people who stand by you without flinching -- they are your family."	Jim Butcher
That's what people do who love you. They put their arms around you and love you when you're not so lovable.	Deb Caletti
I sustain myself with the love of family.	Maya Angelou
Friends are the family you choose.	Jess C. Scott
"Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life."	Mark Twain
It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them.	Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Many people will walk in and out of your life, but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart."	Eleanor Roosevelt
True friends are always together in spirit. 	L.M.Montgomery
"Everyone wants to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down."	Oprah Winfrey
"There is nothing I would not do for those who are really my friends. I have no notion of loving people by halves, it is not my nature."	Jane Austen
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself.	Jim Morrison
Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another: 'What! You too? I thought I was the only one.'	C.S.Lewis
Life is all about finding people who are your kind of crazy!	Anonymous
Sometimes the most ordinary things could be made extraordinary by doing them with the right people.	Nicholas Sparks
There are some people who could hear you speak a thousand words and still not understand you. And there are others who will understand without you even speaking a word.	Anonymous
Family isn't always blood. It's the people in your life who want you in theirs; the ones who accept you for who you are.	Anonymous
"Some people make your laugh a little louder, your smile a little brighter, and your life a little better."	Anonymous
"Friendship,'said Christopher Robin, 'is a very comforting thing to have'."	A.A.Milne
"True friends are like diamonds-bright, beautiful, valuable and always in style."	Nicole Richie
I get by with a little help from my friends.	John Lennon
A friend may be nature's most magnificent creation.	Ralph Waldo Emerson
