"If you aren't taking notes, you aren't learning"	Ben Casnocha
The Internet is just a world passing around notes in a classroom.	Jon Stewart
He listens well who takes notes.	Dante Alighieri
"The only superstition I have is that I must start a new book on the same day that I finish the last one, even if it's just a few notes in a file. I dread not having work in progress."	Terry Pratchett
"I write in longhand and assemble lots of notes, and then I try to collate them into a coherent chronology. It's like groping along in the dark. I like writing and find it challenging, but I don't find it easy."	Joyce Carol Oates
	
"I love jotting down ideas for my blog, so I doodle or take notes on all kinds of stuff that inspires me: the people I meet, boutiques I visit, a florist that just gave me a great idea for an interior-design project, things like that."	Maria Sharapova
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.	Aristotle
The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education.	Albert Einstein
"An education isn't how much you have committed to memory, or even how much you know. It's being able to differentiate between what you know and what you don't."	Anatole France
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.	Lao-tzu
"Productivity is never an accident. It is always the result of a commitment to excellence, intelligent planning, and focused effort."	Paul Meyer
Productivity is being able to do things that you were never able to do before.	Franz Kafka
"Would you like me to give you a formula for success? It’s quite simple, really. Double your rate of failure. You are thinking of failure as the enemy of success. But it isn’t at all. You can be discouraged by failure or you can learn from it, so go ahead and make mistakes. Make all you can. Because remember that’s where you will find success."	Thomas J. Watson
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing.	Benjamin Franklin
Action is the foundational key to all success.	Pablo Picasso
"Whenever you are asked if you can do a job, tell 'em, 'Certainly I can!' Then get busy and find out how to do it."	Theodore Roosevelt
Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work in hand. The Sun's rays do not burn until brought to a focus.	Alexander Graham Bell
"The quality of a person’s life is in direct proportion to their commitment to excellence, regardless of their chosen field of endeavor."	Vince Lombardi
"Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and diligence."	Abigail Adams
The dictionary is the only place where success comes before work.	Mark Twain
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.	John Wooden
"Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success."	Swami Vivekananda
"Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out."	Robert Collier
You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them.	Michael Jordan
"Details matter, it’s worth waiting to get it right."	Steve Jobs
Stay hungry. Stay foolish.	Steve Jobs
"People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily."	Zig Ziglar
"Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude."	Zig Ziglar
"Do it, and then you will feel motivated to do it."	Zig Ziglar
