"Every person needs to take one day away.  A day in which one consciously separates the past from the future.  Jobs, family, employers, and friends can exist one day without any one of us, and if our egos permit us to confess, they could exist eternally in our absence.  Each person deserves a day away in which no problems are confronted, no solutions searched for.  Each of us needs to withdraw from the cares which will not withdraw from us."	Maya Angelou
"In matters of healing the body or the mind, vacation is a true genius!"	Mehmet Murat Ildan
Laughter is an instant vacation.	Milton Berle
"Family values are a little like family vacations — subject to changeable weather and remembered more fondly with the passage of time. Though it rained all week at the beach, it’s often the momentary rainbows that we remember."	Leslie Dreyfous
"More than just yearly rituals in which we connect with friends and family, vacations are also exercises in self-definition. In affording time away from the demands of everyday life, vacations disclose what people choose to do rather than are required to do."	Cindy Sondik Aron
Not all those who wander are lost.	J.R.R. Tolkien
"I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel's sake. The great affair is to move."	R.L. Stevenson
Travel brings power and love back into your life.	Rumi
"Every dreamer knows that it is entirely possible to be homesick for a place you've never been to, perhaps more homesick than for familiar ground."	Judith Thurman
To travel is to live.	Hans Christian Andersen
"Once you have traveled, the voyage never ends, but is played out over and over again in the quietest chambers. The mind can never break off from the journey."	Pat Conroy
Wandering re-establishes the original harmony which once existed between man and the universe.	Anatole France
"We wander for distraction, but we travel for fulfillment."	Hilaire Belloc
"We live in a wonderful world that is full of beauty, charm and adventure. There is no end to the adventures we can have if only we seek them with our eyes open."	Jawaharlal Nehru
The impulse to travel is one of the hopeful symptoms of life.	Agnes Repplier
The true fruit of travel is perhaps the feeling of being nearly everywhere at home.	Freya Stark
There is a kind of magicness about going far away and then coming back all changed.	Kate Douglas Wiggin
"Through travel I first became aware of the outside world, it was through travel that I found my own introspective way into becoming a part of it."	Eudora Welty
To travel is to take a journey into yourself.	Danny Kaye
Tell me what is it you plan to do with your one wild and precious life?	Poet Mary Oliver
We're all on journeys.	Maya Angelou
Realize that everything connects to everything else.	Leonardo Da Vinci
"We travel for romance, we travel for architecture, and we travel to be lost."	Ray Bradbury
"Live, travel, adventure, bless and don't be sorry."	Jack Kerouac
Life is a gift.	Maya Angelou
